In this lesson, we learned about a class of ensemble methods that uses
random subsets of rows and columns to create a forest of different decision trees.
We also learned a few reasons why they are
a good fit for some of the types of problems we encounter in finance.
You may notice that certain Alphas perform better or worse,
depending on market conditions.
For instance, you may observe that a model that works well when the markets are calm,
no longer performs as well when the markets are very volatile.
If we can create additional inputs that give
a model more context about market conditions,
the model can learn to adjust its predictions accordingly.
The process of creating useful model inputs is called feature engineering,
which we'll learn more about in the next lesson.